[storm blazing]
[MAOU] Dammit. This is
where we're supposed to be,
but I can't see a thing!
They really wanted your help?
You're not very useful.
Manners! Jeez, kid.
You're starting to piss me off.
[MAOU] I wonder if Suz has
already made her way
into the eye of the storm.
[swords clanking]
[URUSHIHARA]
That's weird.
[CHIHO]
What?
[URUSHIHARA]
Chubby bunny's combat style
doesn't exactly scream
"Malebranche" to me.
He sucks.
It's clear
that he's not fighting
at full power right now.
But even if he were,
Bel would still whoop him.
At this rate, we're gonna need
to dig a demon-sized grave.
I don't understand
why he left home
to come
and get his ass kicked.
And I don't love that our
micro army is down one Emilia.
Did the big lug tell you
anything freaky
before we showed up?
[LIBICOCCO]
Libicocco! Say it.
[CHIHO]
Like, Libi-coconut?
Try again!
Oh, not really.
He did mention
rampaging, though.
Huh.
It sounds like he wants us here.
But what could he be trying
to distract us from?
-[swords clank]
-[shouts]
[BOTH grunt]
[LIBICOCCO yells]
[URUSHIHARA]
Ugh, careful, bozo.
What did this roof
ever do to you?
You're gonna go
and get yourself killed.
[SUZUNO]
He's hardly a threat.
This fight could be
much more even.
If you would cease
the wind spell,
we could partake
in a serious duel.
But you won't, will you?
Clearly you have
some other objective here.
However, you need to release
the school at once.
If you disobey,
unfortunately, I will be forced
to give you a death sentence.
Kill me, if that is your wish.
That it is not.
[gasps]
[SUZUNO]
If I do kill you,
it will be once I've determined
beyond a doubt
that you have brought evil
upon these people
and their world.
My time in Japan
has opened my mind.
Just because someone is
a heretic, or even a demon,
that does not mean
their murder is justified.
Miss Suzuno...
[scoffs] Poor girl.
You will regret your sympathy.
But by then, your only choice
will be to suffer.
I would much rather
regret my sympathy
than I would lose
the crux of my fate.
And I will not be left
to suffer.
My comrades stand at my side,
and have strength yet.
Don't you now, comrades?
I've got strength to spare,
and I wouldn't want
my training to go to waste!
I'm your "comrade?"
Whatevs.
Let's figure out this wind.
What are we--
[ALL gasp]
Yo, tubby. Was that you?
[scoffs]
This isn't gonna be good.
I need a raise.
[gasps]
[thuds]
-[URUSHIHARA grunts]
-[explosions]
What is this?
Shit!
Bel! Get Chi outta here!
Hurry!
Hold on tightly!
[grunts]
[explosion]
Oh my gosh, is he gonna
be okay down there?
I don't know.
But going back now would mean
your incineration.
[gasps]
Oh...
[URUSHIHARA grunting]
Look!
I see him.
I'm going to drop you off
in the schoolyard for now.
[gasps]
[gasps] Guess they're back.
Step aside.
We're quite busy.
Do you think that they’re
friends with Mister Gabriel?
[SUZUNO]
I don't believe so.
As I recall, his soldiers' armor
is far less ornate.
Who sent you?
Have your troops come here
to aid the demon faction?
Archangel Chamuel!
Come out and tell us
what you're plotting!
[URUSHIHARA grunts]
[groaning]
Look, he's bleeding!
[CHAMUEL]
Lucifer.
[gasps]
I never would've thought
you'd go along
with a shitshow like this.
So, what brought on the change
of heart, champ?
[chuckles]
Hand it over, small one.
Quickly!
You know what I want!
[rain pouring]
[RIKA]
Oh, come on!
Of all times
to lose cell service!
Guess Gabey made an oopsie.
I didn't think
there'd be regular peeps
hangin' around here.
Chill out!
Uh-huh. As if.
Don't worry, I'm a good guy,
and don't really love
scaring the ladyfolk.
Come on.
I don't wanna hurt you.
So do me a solid,
and take my word for it.
Stay the hell away from me!
Hey. Please wake up.
I need your help, Ashiya!
It's cool.
Home invasions make
for bad first impressions.
-[RIKA grunting]
-Owie.
Hey, I may look
like a tough cookie,
but you're kinda busting
my bum here, compadre.
I'm really sorry, okay?
Letting out your emotions
is awesome,
but maybe we can quit
with the ouchies?
Fellas.
[RIKA]
So what?
You're just gonna kidnap them?
Of course we're not.
We're bringing these
lost puppies to their homes.
Back where they belong.
What does that mean?
[GABRIEL] Aw, don't worry
your pretty head.
Now, do me a favor,
don't call the cops.
Not that they could catch us,
but, you know-- Aw.
[RIKA grunting]
Get your creepy hands
off my friend!
Whoa. Careful, miss.
You'll rile my goons.
Let's take a deep breath.
[RIKA grunts]
-[thuds]
-[groans]
[thuds]
Huh?
Calm down, buddy!
[sword swings]
-[AMANE] Eat this!
-[hits]
[thuds]
[BOTH]
Huh?
Well, that's a kicker.
Who are you,
and how'd you get in here?
[AMANE] I'll be the one
asking the questions.
You and your toy soldiers
are on my turf.
Anyone who messes with it dies.
And winged meatheads like you
are no exception.
[GABRIEL]
You talk a big game.
I just wanna get to know you.
Sorry to pull rank,
but I used to be Ashiya's
big boss back in the day.
[BOTH]
Huh.
[ACIETH]
This wind is clearly magical.
Get a peek up there!
It looks like somebody
tore a hole in it
with celestial force.
If we whack it again
in the same spot,
I bet it would all fall down.
But I'm betting
you can't handle that.
Meaning this job is up to me.
Which is fine,
but unfortunately, Dad isn't
here to be mistletoe for me.
"Mistletoe"?
Do you think I could be that?
Maybe.
But I don't want you to be
all creepy about it.
I hate to break it to you,
but you can't be
my new Earth Dad.
That's super messed up
of you to even suggest.
I suggested no such thing.
I'm sure I can help.
[gasps]
[MAOU] I need you to get me
to my friends.
If you can do that much,
I promise to keep you safe.
Oh, wow.
I guess you promise
to stay by my side
in sickness and in health, too?
[MAOU]
Back to reality.
[ACIETH] And now, Maou,
get a li'l closer.
Hmm?
Hmm.
[inhales]
[gasps]
You're gonna get me
on a watch list!
I didn't know this world has
rules against forehead bumping.
Hmm?
Oh...
[BOTH gasp]
[ACIETH]
Hold on a sec.
Lemme get this straight.
Are you the--
Freakin' king of demons?
You really hadn't
put that one together yet?
That's something
you tell a girl right away!
What the heck's wrong with you?
Hey, you hid under your hat!
[sighs] I can't believe
I'm handing over my body
to the literal devil.
Sorry about this one, Mommy.
You raised me much better
than this.
[MAOU]
Geez, kid, phrasing!
I've seen this before.
Yeah, with Alas Ramus.
Right before she comes
popping outta Emi.
[blazing]
♪
[LIBICOCCO]
Quickly.
I'm over it, barista.
[groaning]
-Well?
-You mustn't give in.
Are you sure?
But Mister Urushihara...
Hush! Under no circumstances
will you get the shard!
I have you in a corner!
Your only escape
from me now is death!
I'll steal her shard,
and I'll swallow it whole
to keep it from you.
[LIBICOCCO]
Do you truly believe
that having to disembowel you
would serve as a deterrent?
If that is my fate, so be it!
I would sooner die
than submit to you!
[clanks]
[groans]
Try to hang in there!
I'm all right.
They didn't break skin.
[gasps]
Make your peace!
[explosion]
It's pretty obvious
that I'm just gonna be
getting in your way!
Just plop me on the roof.
It'll be easier for you
to fight these guys without me!
[CHIHO whimpers]
Quiet yourself!
You'll bite your tongue!
You're who they're after,
not me!
-[slashes]
-[groans]
No good. I must ask you
to close your eyes now.
Blinding Flash!
[blazing]
Out of my way!
[thuds]
Fear not, good Chiho!
We shall soon be rid of them!
[LIBICOCCO]
Is that so?
For your smoke and mirrors
won't fool the Malebranche.
-[slashing]
-[SUZUNO screams]
[gasps]
[CHIHO]
Miss Suzuno!
What did you do to my friend?
[SUZUNO groans]
Forgive me, good Chiho.
-[hits]
-[grunts]
How dare you defy the angels!
You're a high-ranking disciple
of the Grand Hoshin Church,
are you not?
You would dare go against
fellow servants of your God?
You have nothing to gain
by your treachery.
They have allied with villains.
To disrupt this world,
and kill its people.
If they were angels once,
they are no longer!
Very well.
And though
I would typically take pity
on a warrior with such resolve,
I cannot allow such mercy today.
[gasps]
[LIBICOCCO]
Now, barista.
Give it to me for your own good.
But now!
Good Chiho!
You shall do no such thing!
-[groans]
-What if they hurt you?
[groans]
[LIBICOCCO]
I gave you fair warning.
My conscience is clean.
[gasps]
[explosion]
Ugh, what is it now?
[slashing]
[screams]
♪
Yay, you finally made it!
Sorry.
It was quite a haul
to get over here, you know.
It's cool!
Not hurt, are ya?
No, sir!
Miss Suzuno
and Mister Urushihara
kept me nice and safe!
You surely took your time.
But I'm glad you're here.
'Least I made it
before they Armageddon-ed
this place.
[MAOU]
Hey.
Are you alive?
Lucifer has entered
low power mode.
Hang in there just a minute.
Thank you for holding down
the fort.
Leave the rest to me.
[groaning]
[MAOU]
I'm impressed.
Good for you jerks.
No one ever's knocked out
my generals.
Except for Emi.
You son of a whore!
You cut off my arm!
You're a measly
Malebranche figurehead.
You should be more careful
of taking that tone
with me, tubby.
-Yeah?
-[gasps]
[SUZUNO]
That's not magic.
Or celestial force.
He's wielding
unadulterated power.
Well, then.
Do you wanna fight?
Wanna put your lives at risk?
The hero was willing,
maybe you will be, too.
[SUZUNO]
The sacred sword.
Better Half?
[AMANE]
If you go now,
I'll let you and your buddies
leave unharmed.
But so you know,
if outsiders cause issues
on my turf,
it's my duty to make
their experience painful.
Okay, boss.
We'll go.
I don't get my crew
into fights that we'll lose.
Mind if I bring these sacks
of potatoes along?
[gasps] No way, you creep.
You can't just kidnap them!
[GABRIEL] We're not kidnapping,
we're kid--
Uh, helping!
These guys seriously need
a lift back home.
You mind buttin' out?
[AMANE]
Go ahead.
I can't interfere
with anything like that.
It would be against protocol.
Get outta here before you cause
any more trouble.
You're a smart cookie.
[RIKA] It's not right,
he can't get away with this!
[groans]
Hold on.
I didn't catch your name.
Gabriel.
Often proceeded
by a little title
that rhymes
with "The Shmarkangel."
[AMANE]
Woof, embarrassing.
[RIKA]
Mister Ashiya!
[grunts] How dare you.
Unhand me you brute!
[RIKA]
Please don't take him!
Glad to see you're all right.
Thank goodness.
Miss Amane,
I have a message for Maou.
Huh?
[MAOU]
This ain't magic.
Not looking forward
to the hangover
from this power trip.
Yo.
Listen, Sir Bleeds A Lot.
I'm sure you've got
conflicting duties here,
but I can't say that I care.
Don't piss me off any more.
And as for you freaks,
how many times are
you gonna mess with Japan?
You can pick on me.
But did your mommies
teach you guys nothing?
You can throw a tantrum,
just don't do it
at a grocery store
and ruin everyone else's day,
too.
Feel me?
[CHAMUEL]
Demon King Satan.
[MAOU]
Yeah, what?
[CHAMUEL]
Demon King Satan.
Satan.
-Satan! Satan!
-Nope, not creepy at all.
Satan...
-Satan!
[swords clanks]
[BOTH grunts]
Now, that's what I call a sword!
It's no wonder that
this sacred stuff kicks ass.
[grunts]
Satan...
Satan!
[clanks]
[MAOU]
Crap, it never occurred to me
that a sword could
be too strong!
Hey! Release! Now!
[ACIETH] Roger that, captain!
-[BOTH grunts]
[gasps]
Did he find another Alas Ramus?
[CHAMUEL]
Satan!
-[ACIETH grunting]
-[CHAMUEL groaning]
[thuds]
Ouchie. Been there, brah.
[BOTH gasp]
[GABRIEL]
Lookin' rough.
Gabriel, you jerk!
Stop that, Acieth!
Acieth? What a weird day.
Watch your noggins,
'cause it's raining
coinky-dinks.
So, you've been burying
your nose in our crap yet again?
[GABRIEL] Don't care
for that mental image.
[ACIETH grunts]
-Time to go, Chamuel.
-[CHAMUEL grunts]
Don't push this further.
The greed goblin's got you down.
[panting]
Yeesh, tough break.
Someone needs
to get outta here quick.
Don't you wanna good fight?
Save this for when you two are
both at full power.
Plus, I met a girl
we don't wanna cross.
So what?
You're gonna run home
without an explanation?
Huh?
[GABRIEL] Oh, your pet NEET
has my number.
Feel free to give me a buzz.
We'll catch up.
Take this as an apology.
[claps]
I was cool enough to not only
undo the storm damage,
but to erase the last hour
of the student's memories,
so uh, let us off
the hook for now.
"For now" tells me there'll be
a rematch in our future.
[GABRIEL]
Sure! If you'd like one.
I would much prefer
to pass on that.
But I don't think
I'll have the choice.
Good. I like it.
I'll see ya soon.
We do have Emilia, after all.
[grunts]
[GABRIEL] Ta-ta for now,
O Demon King Satan.
O new calamity.
[MAOU]
Asshole.
He should have to pay
for my re-retest.
[AMANE]
Oh, there they are!
Heyo!
[MAOU]
Ashiya was kidnapped?
Are you for real?
[ACIETH]
And my Dad, too?
[AMANE]
Yeah.
This tall, smarmy dude calling
himself Gabriel snatched 'em.
Said he was taking them
"where they belong."
[MAOU grunts]
So, you're acquainted
with that freakshow?
[MAOU]
Yes.
But I have no idea
why he would kidnap Ashiya.
Before they beamed off,
Ashiya gave me
a message to relay.
He's waiting
at "The Gates of Hell,"
over inside the Ueno
art museum.
[ACIETH]
Aw, that sounds super creepy,
I don't want you meanies
to drag me there.
Interesting.
He would go there all
of the time for his research.
-[rummaging]
-Huh?
Stop that!
Don't touch our stuff!
[gasps]
Does it sting too bad?
[SUZUNO]
No, it feels fine.
You're remarkably kind,
good Chiho.
[sighs]
This is the least I can do.
It's my fault
that this happened anyway.
And, uh...
Huh?
[CHIHO]
You kinda made my week.
Remember what you said
back there?
And I will not be left
to suffer.
My comrades stand at my side
and have strength yet.
You called Mister Maou
and the others your comrades!
[SUZUNO]
Uh, I did.
[MAOU]
That's it! I get it now!
[BOTH]
Huh?
-[footsteps approaching]
-[MAOU] Hey, Suz!
Wait!
Hold on, it's not a good time
to come barging in here!
-[door slams]
-[SUZUNO grunts]
-[slaps]
-[MAOU groans]
[grunts]
[MAOU] You were serious
about being able to open a Gate
-with an amplifier, weren't you?
-[SUZUNO] Indeed.
-Well, we have one.
-[SUZUNO] Where?
[MAOU]
Ashiya was looking into it.
It's called "The Gates of Hell".
It's an art museum in Ueno.
If he was confident,
it's well worth trying.
[MAOU]
Agreed.
We're gonna rescue Ashiya,
Alas Ramus, Nord,
and Emi, too.
Agh, that means I gotta find
somebody to cover my shifts!
Heads up.
I can't do this alone.
I'm gonna need
some real help here.
Don't worry,
you can count on me!
Uh, excuse me!
Mind telling us
who you are first?
[yelps]
You should really be more
careful, little monkey.
You don't want to bump
your head again, right?
Right.
Poor Chi.
Bel, too.
I totally broke my promise.
Don't be sad, Mama!
Papa gonna save us!
I should think more like you.
-[door knocks]
-Huh?
[QUESTION]
Come in.
What do you want from us, Olba?
I just received word
from Heavensky.
Your dear father has
finally arrived.
[EMI gasps]
[OLBA]
The stage will soon be set.
I ask that you rest
and build up your strength
until then.
[EMI exhales]
Listen, Emilia.
If you can control yourself
and do as I say,
no harm has to befall you.
[ALAS]
Mama, sad?
I need you.